fix: fixes storage handling for non-auth recipes (#942)
supertokens/supertokens-core: CHANGELOG.md

The format is based on [Keep a Changelog](https://keepachangelog.com/en/1.0.0/), and this project adheres
to [Semantic Versioning](https://semver.org/spec/v2.0.0.html).

## [8.0.0] - 2024-03-04

### Breaking changes

> - The following app specific APIs return a 403 when not called using `public` tenant

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The following app specific APIs return a 403 when they are called with a tenant ID other than the `public` one. For example, if the path is `/users/count/active`,  and you call it with `/tenant1/users/count/active`, it will return a 403. But if you call it with `/public/users/count/active`, or just `/users/count/active`, it will work.
```
